[FEATURE] Stage 2, Lessons for days 1 to 5. Resolves #38 #39 #40 #41 #42 (#777)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Guide-CommunityExpansionCommittee: Documentation/Stage-2-Customization/Day-2/Index.rst

By the end of this day, you should know the following:

> * Understand how to create and organize pages within TYPO3
> * Comprehend the structure and navigation of the TYPO3 page tree
> * Learn the principles of adding and editing content elements in TYPO3
> * Understand the management of files and media within TYPO3
> * Gain knowledge on building custom forms, such as contact forms
> * Understand how to set up and manage Backend Users, including defining access rights

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* How to create and organize pages within TYPO3
* The structure and navigation of the TYPO3 page tree
* The principles of adding and editing content elements in TYPO3
* Management of files and media within TYPO3
* Basic custom form building, such as contact forms
* How to set up and manage Backend Users, including defining access rights
```
